feat: Adding optional HA Proxy for FHIR Converter (#1430)
CDCgov/dibbs-ecr-viewer: containers/fhir-converter-proxy/README.md

# DIBBs FHIR Converter Proxy

## Summary

This container runs an HAProxy Layer 7 gateway that **optionally** sits between the Orchestration Service and the FHIR Converter instances. It replaces default Round Robin routing with a "Least Connections" (`leastconn`) algorithm to intelligently distribute Electronic Case Reporting (eCR) payloads. This reduces CPU/Memory hotspots and container crashes.

## Overview

> The FHIR Converter HAProxy Gateway is a dedicated proxy designed for the DIBBs eCR Viewer architecture.

Reviewer: Can we add something here that our sample proxy (config) only works for AWS? Gives more context to the paragraph below.

Either here, or at the top of the Setup section

Reviewer 2: +1 -- think it should go at the top

Author: I'm re-writing this and the summary a bit so it makes more sense. Let me know what you think.

By default, AWS ServiceConnect and standard Docker Compose networks use a **Round Robin** load balancing strategy. While effective for uniform requests, Round Robin fails under the highly variable load of Electronic Case Reporting (eCR). When processing large eCR bundles, Round Robin frequently assigns multiple large payloads to the same FHIR converter instance, causing bottlenecks and "Out of Memory" crashes while other instances sit completely idle.

This container solves that by using **HAProxy** to track exactly how busy each converter is, routing new eCRs only to the instances with the most available capacity.

## Setup

Update the haproxy.cfg if necessary for your deployed infrastructure or use the provided sample.

> If using a cfg file different from the provided one you will need to create a new HA Proxy image and deploy it to your environment. Otherwise, use the provided FHIR Converter Proxy image in the same way as you use the other service images in this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the haproxy.cfg if necessary for your deployed infrastructure or use the provided sample.

If you plan to use a different config file from the one provided, you will need to create a new HA Proxy image and deploy it to your environment. Otherwise, use the provided FHIR Converter Proxy image in the same way as you use the other service images in this project.
```

Reviewer 2: Agreed. Also should it be "HAProxy" one word?

Author: Actually yeah the official term is one word, I may have not been consistent about that sorry!

> The Orchestration service uses the `FHIR_CONVERTER_URL` env var to route traffic, so set this to the FHIR Converter Proxy URL to route traffic through the proxy instead of pointing directly to the FHIR Converter service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Orchestration service uses the `FHIR_CONVERTER_URL` env var to determine where to send requests. Set this to the FHIR Converter Proxy URL to route traffic through the proxy instead of pointing directly to the FHIR Converter service.
```

Reviewer 2: Agreed
